#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   langchain-community
    #   together
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==25.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   e2b
    #   e2b-code-interpreter
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   gtts
    #   streamlit
    #   together
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
composio==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
composio-core==0.7.7
    # via
    #   composio
    #   composio-openai
    #   composio-phidata
composio-openai==0.7.7
    # via composio-phidata
composio-phidata==0.7.7
    # via -r requirements.in
comtypes==1.4.10
    # via pyttsx3
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via paramiko
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via phidata
duckduckgo-search==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
e2b==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   e2b-code-interpreter
e2b-code-interpreter==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via together
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
faiss-cpu==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.11
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   gradio
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   together
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
firecrawl-py==1.13.5
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   phidata
    #   streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.164.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
gradio==5.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.7.2
    # via gradio
grandalf==0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
gtts==2.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   e2b-code-interpreter
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   phidata
    #   safehttpx
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via composio-core
inflection==0.5.1
    # via composio-core
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.34.0
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via composio-core
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   composio-core
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-genai==2.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.19
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.2
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.56
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.13
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.1
    # via duckduckgo-search
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.30.0
    # via altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gradio
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
    #   together
    #   transformers
ollama==0.4.7
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.66.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   composio-openai
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   e2b
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   streamlit
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via composio-core
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
phidata==2.7.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   composio-phidata
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   reportlab
    #   streamlit
    #   together
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
primp==0.14.0
    # via duckduckgo-search
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   together
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   composio-core
    #   fastapi
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   google-generativeai
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   phidata
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   together
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   phidata
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   streamlit-audiorecorder
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   grandalf
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via composio-core
pypiwin32==223
    # via pyttsx3
pysher==1.0.8
    # via composio-core
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   phidata
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
pyttsx3==2.98
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pywin32==309
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pypiwin32
    #   pyttsx3
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   phidata
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
reportlab==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   composio-core
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   google-api-core
    #   gtts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pysher
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   serpapi
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   together
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   phidata
    #   together
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.9.10
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
semver==3.0.4
    # via composio-core
sentry-sdk==2.22.0
    # via composio-core
serpapi==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.46.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
streamlit==1.43.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-audiorecorder
streamlit-audiorecorder==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via together
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
together==1.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.2.1
    # via phidata
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via gradio
torch==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   together
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   phidata
    #   together
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   e2b
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   phidata
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   composio-core
    #   gradio
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via pysher
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   gradio-client
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
